Let go of me
Let go of you boy
I'll let you die today
Go to the daughter with a silver wedding
It's freezing, this is to frame me
Go to hell.
Who asked you to meddle?
I'm seven boys and eight girls.
Is it something you, a lowly lowly five-seat, can manage?
unscrupulous
What evidence do you have?
The case is closed and you want to convict me
Five pieces of trash you don't even dare to touch a corpse
Autopsy hum
Take this broken book of yours and help Yama solve the case
Bastard beast
I'm a beast
I even tied up your sister-in-law
When you come, you do it.
Ah ah ah beast, let go of my sister-in-law, let go of him
Please let him go let him go
I miss Mr. Wu too
Sir, can I?
Let go of the must work beside the lady
Widows can only be surpassed if they break their bodies
Offside Marshal
Inouganoro sister-in-law
God, are you blind?
If you weren't blind
Let me lament the loss of you to solve the case
Hahaha, you are all inferior to people.
Impunity is clearly your injustice
The auspicious time has come
no longer closed
Do you really want to
Be the one who clears the world's wrongs
Even if you face the pain you fear the most
Give everything
I would.
Ah you
You are
I am a strand of alienation in this book of joy that you read
Sleep for many years
Finally, the person who asked for your order is Shuling
that
Then how can I let these people restore the law to save my sister-in-law?
You prick this lady's Huiying with a golden needle
With its own essence
Give him mouth to mouth
Let me kiss the corpse
Ha ha.
How do you know if he's dead or alive?